Port OpenRewrite to Main (#43884)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/tools/azure-openrewrite/README.md

### Dry Run
To run the OpenRewrite recipe in dry-run mode, execute the following command:
```shell
mvn rewrite:dryRun
```
If the above command is not recognised, execute the full version of the command:

```shell
mvn org.openrewrite.maven:rewrite-maven-plugin:dryRun
```

This will generate a file `rewrite.patch` in `rewrite-sample/target/rewrite` directory.

### Run (apply changes)
To actually apply the changes to the sample project, execute the following command:
```shell
mvn rewrite:run
```
If the above command is not recognised, execute the full version of the command:

```shell
mvn org.openrewrite.maven:rewrite-maven-plugin:run
```

## Testing
To run the unit tests for the OpenRewrite recipe, execute the following command:
```shell
mvn:test
```

## Openrewrite Reference
- [Rewrite Recipe Starter](https://github.com/moderneinc/rewrite-recipe-starter):  Template for building your own recipe JARs
- [Best practices for writing recipes](https://docs.openrewrite.org/recipes/recipes/openrewritebestpractices)
- [Recipe Testing](https://docs.openrewrite.org/authoring-recipes/recipe-testing): Information on testing the recipe with unit tests.

> - [Collaboration Proposal](https://github.com/openrewrite/collaboration-proposals/issues/new/choose): collaboration with OpenRewrite

Reviewer: This link can be removed.

# Azure Code Migration with OpenRewrite

> This repository showcases the integration of OpenRewrite with Maven for code migration purposes.
> The migration recipe is defined to transition from `azure-core` to `azure-core-v2` libraries.

Reviewer 2: Given we want this to support more than `azure-core` to `azure-core-v2` could we drop or change this statement. Such as saying:

```suggestion
This library contains integrations for OpenRewrite with Maven for code migrating Azure SDK libraries
such as `azure-core` to `azure-core-v2`.
```

## Setup

### Prerequisites
The following tools are required to build and execute this project:
- Java (version 8 or higher)
- Maven

### Recipe Configuration

The migration recipe is defined in the `azure-openrewrite` module as detailed below:

```yaml
### Recipe Configuration for OpenRewrite
type: specs.openrewrite.org/v1beta/recipe

> name: com.azure.openrewrite.migrateToVNext

Reviewer 2: If this is the actual name used we should make it more specific for being Core to Core v2

Author: @alzimmermsft It's not the actual name, just a placeholder to not block getting this over into main.
